# MODEL4780784080: testid

## Installation

Download this repository, and install with distutils

`python setup.py install`

Or, install using pip

`pip install git+https://github.com/biomodels/MODEL4780784080.git`

To install a specific version (in this example, from the 2014-09-16 BioModels release)

`pip install git+https://github.com/biomodels/MODEL4780784080.git@20140916`


# Model Notes
This model features the phosphorylation of rat brain neuronal NOS expressed in
E. coli or Sf9 cells, which leads to a decrease in Vmax of the phosphorylated
enzyme, with little change of both the Km for L-arginine and Kact for CaM.
This is based on <a href = "http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/entrez/query.fcgi?cmd=
Retrieve&db=pubmed&dopt=Abstract&list_uids=10400690">Hayashi Y. et al. J Biol
Chem. (1999) 274(29):20597-602</a>. They report of phosphorylatin being
carried out by CaM kinases I alpha, II alpha and IV. The rates used have been
obtained from their paper and from other reported data.

This model originates from BioModels Database: A Database of Annotated
Published Models (http://www.ebi.ac.uk/biomodels/). It is copyright (c)
2005-2011 The BioModels.net Team.  
To the extent possible under law, all copyright and related or neighbouring
rights to this encoded model have been dedicated to the public domain
worldwide. Please refer to [CC0 Public Domain
Dedication](http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/) for more
information.

In summary, you are entitled to use this encoded model in absolutely any
manner you deem suitable, verbatim, or with modification, alone or embedded it
in a larger context, redistribute it, commercially or not, in a restricted way
or not..  
  
To cite BioModels Database, please use: [Li C, Donizelli M, Rodriguez N,
Dharuri H, Endler L, Chelliah V, Li L, He E, Henry A, Stefan MI, Snoep JL,
Hucka M, Le Nov√®re N, Laibe C (2010) BioModels Database: An enhanced, curated
and annotated resource for published quantitative kinetic models. BMC Syst
Biol., 4:92.](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20587024)


